Add step for selecting activation keys (#2444)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/snip_host-registration-steps.adoc

. From the *{SmartProxy}* dropdown list, select the load balancer.
. Select *Force* to register a host that has been previously registered to a {SmartProxyServer}.
endif::[]

> . From the *Activation Keys* list, select the activation keys to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the *Activation Keys* list, select the activation keys to assign to your host.
```
